docs: Update Usage analytics (#54657)
metabase/metabase: docs/usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics.md

![Usage analytics collection](./images/metabase-analytics.png)

You can also build your own custom reports You can find the **Usage analytics** collection under **collections** in the navigation sidebar. 

These resources are useful for:

- **Understanding Usage**: Understand how people use your Metabase (e.g., new questions, most active people and groups, and so on).
- **Auditing activity**: Know who viewed or did what and when, including tracking dashboard and question views, queries, downloads, and other activity like changing settings or inviting people to your Metabase.
- **Improving operations**: Know the slowest dashboards and questions, how your database's are performing, who's consuming the most resources, and so on.

> > Metabase creates some default user accounts that you might see in your usage analytics, like `internal@metabase.com`. See [Default accounts](../people-and-groups/managing.md#default-user-accounts) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Metabase creates some default user accounts that you might see in your usage analytics, like `internal@metabase.com`. See [Default accounts](../people-and-groups/managing.md#default-user-accounts).
```

> ## Access Usage analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access to Usage analytics
```

Metabase will take you to the relevant usage dashboard and plug in the item's ID.

> ## How long Metabase keeps usage data

Author: Making this a separate section because this question comes up every week

> By default, Metabase will keep the data about [activity](#activity-log-model), [views](#view-log-model), and [query execution](#query-log-model) for 720 days. Twice a day, Metabase will delete rows older than this threshold. You can change this limit by adjusting the environment variable [`MB_AUDIT_MAX_RETENTION_DAYS`](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/configuring-metabase/environment-variables#mb_audit_max_retention_days).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Metabase will keep the data about [activity](#activity-log-model), [views](#view-log-model), and [query execution](#query-log-model) for **720 days**. Twice a day, Metabase will delete rows older than this threshold. You can change this limit by adjusting the environment variable [`MB_AUDIT_MAX_RETENTION_DAYS`](../configuring-metabase/environment-variables.md#mb_audit_max_retention_days).
```

> Metabase Open Source and [Metabase Cloud Starter](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/) don't collect [Activity](#activity-log-model) and [View](#view-log-model) data. If you upgrade from Open Source/Starter to a Pro or Enterprise plan, you'll only see View and Activity data in Usage Analytics starting from the time when you upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metabase Open Source edition, which is also used on the [Metabase Cloud Starter plan](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/), doesn't collect [Activity](#activity-log-model) and [View](#view-log-model) data. If you upgrade from the Open Source/Starter to a Pro or Enterprise plan, you'll only see View and Activity data in Usage Analytics _starting from the time when you upgraded_.
```
